writeup_template.md, before:

# **Finding Lane Lines on the Road** 

## Writeup Template

### You can use this file as a template for your writeup if you want to submit it as a markdown file. But feel free to use some other method and submit a pdf if you prefer.

---

**Finding Lane Lines on the Road**

The goals / steps of this project are the following:
* Make a pipeline that finds lane lines on the road
* Reflect on your work in a written report


[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: ./examples/grayscale.jpg "Grayscale"

---

### Reflection

### 1. Describe your pipeline. As part of the description, explain how you modified the draw_lines() function.

My pipeline consisted of 5 steps. First, I converted the images to grayscale, then I .... 

In order to draw a single line on the left and right lanes, I modified the draw_lines() function by ...

If you'd like to include images to show how the pipeline works, here is how to include an image: 

![alt text][image1]


### 2. Identify potential shortcomings with your current pipeline


One potential shortcoming would be what would happen when ... 

Another shortcoming could be ...


### 3. Suggest possible improvements to your pipeline

A possible improvement would be to ...

Another potential improvement could be to ...

Commit message:

applied hough_lines on orginal images and videos

writeup_template.md, after:

# **Finding Lane Lines on the Road** 

## Writeup Template

### You can use this file as a template for your writeup if you want to submit it as a markdown file. But feel free to use some other method and submit a pdf if you prefer.

---

**Finding Lane Lines on the Road**

The goals / steps of this project are the following:
* Make a pipeline that finds lane lines on the road
* Reflect on your work in a written report


[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: ./examples/grayscale.jpg "Grayscale"

---

### Reflection

### 1. Describe your pipeline. As part of the description, explain how you modified the draw_lines() function.

a) My pipeline consisted of 5 steps. First, I converted the images to grayscale and applied the gaussian function for smoothining the images.Then I applied the canny function to select the color transition area.

b) I selected the vertex points based on the image shape(40,960,3).

   I initially 


In order to draw a single line on the left and right lanes, I modified the draw_lines() function by ...

If you'd like to include images to show how the pipeline works, here is how to include an image: 

![alt text][image1]


### 2. Identify potential shortcomings with your current pipeline


One potential shortcoming would be what would happen when ... 

Another shortcoming could be ...


### 3. Suggest possible improvements to your pipeline

A possible improvement would be to ...

Another potential improvement could be to ...
